Work come back and in this lesson we're going to look at the navigator object.
So the navigator object is everything about your browser.
So let's open that up and we'll do a console directory and within the directory we're going to just
open up the navigator objects you can see it's pop up over there and just grab that.
So the same thing that we did for the windows for the document.
We can see that the navigator holds a whole bunch of information.
So basically it can tell you what browser you're using or the user is using.
It can also see if cookies are enabled.
We are going to look more at cookies later on.
We can also get geo location information we can get the language.
So there's a lot of information contained within here.
There's also information about what the user agent is.
So again this is important to be able to understand what browser your visitors are are using when they're
visiting the web page.
So a lot of information is contained within here.
So what I want you to do now is to open up your editor and write what
within the screen.
So whenever though whenever someone comes to the screen output what a user agent they're using.
So open up your editor and I'll show you how to do that.
So we saw that earlier.
So I'm going to just simply close this down and open up just our regular page.
So what we want to do is we want to output the user agent.
So let's try that.
So we saw that under navigator we get all of that information for the user agent.
So we've already grabbed our output.
We're putting it in there.
I can actually get rid of some of this access because we don't actually need it for this.
For this lesson.
So now we've already grabbed it as output and let's put that information.
So we've got an output object and inner H-2 M-L and we saw that we can do navigator and have a navigator
object.
And the one that we want to grab So we see that we are getting some defaults here.
And the one that we wanted to get is the user agent and let's refresh the page and we'll see what outputs
here.
So basically I can tell what browser the user is coming in on and I can check to see so I know there's
a lot of information in here but basically we know that we're visiting and there's more information
on Wikipedia about how the breakdown of the browser or the user agent basically is so strong here that
we're producing in our output.
So it breaks it down that why Mozilla then the computer that you're using the browser platform details
and so on.
So there's information that you can get and you can utilize within your javascript.
So go ahead try it out.
Open up your console checkout navigator and see what type of information is contained within there.
As you never know it could be useful when you're creating your javascript.